An elastic you would get this error regarding a lot of types it doesn't find.
And this is an error expected for the workflow here for the workflow of production workflow.
We need to install some type definitions so that the angler off line compiler is actually able to to
find some types which are used by angler itself and also by our code because we use a lot of features
which are not supported by native javascript and we need to assure the compiler are dead well decode
we will compile it too will run fine.
And we know that the features we use are available to us.
So we need to install some types for this and here as a side note since the process failed you see all
the temporary files you offline compiler generated.
Not that nice right.
So let's install the missing types by running new installs save death and now add types chord shapes
the POLLI full package and also add types.
Note we're not using note J.S. but we still use some of its features or the package as we would do so
with dad.
We're almost there but now we also need to inform our compiler where to find these types so need to
use config file the OTTF config file here.
I'll add another configuration type routes.
And I'll dessous an array and here will it simply informant that we have these types in the node modules
folder and here all the folders starting with types the packages we just installed.
Now with that theoretically you should be fixed but the latest version of clor chase of these types
at the moment Eyrecourt this video seems to be Bagian and doesn't seem to work with that so we'll adjusted
duration removed circumflex your and adjusted to use 0.9 dot free sex.
The same is true for note dispersion doesn't work as of now.
We should add justice to six starts 0.45 run NPM install again to install this version of the types.
And now we may run NPM rumbled prod again and we shouldn't get this error again.
We're at least entering the wet pig billed process now and we successfully built everything in the source
folder.
We cleaned it up so we haven't got the files and or here's some one file I need to clean up.
I see in this folder we got in this HMO file and we get the bundles that looks good too.
Now we also get the app folder with all these javascript far so we still need to find through in our
cleanup process here.
Send a package to Chasez fall on that script.
I also want to clean up in the source app folder My What's it named my CSSA shimmed N-G style.
So a file ending with Angie's style dot TS dead should get deleted and I also want to delete in the
dist folder.
I also want to delete everything because I don't need it in the app folder so the whole app folder actually.
So with that we could run this again but it should work before we run it again.
Let's also make sure that we can test our belt app because we contested with ngi built.
This will open up our web development server so in the next lecture we will install extra people up
and server which allows us to test our build project in production mode.